Caged-Assassiante
Original ns_caged by Nelson 'manah' Ferryman
Port by Izuko Fukuda

Story(Yep original was this long):

The small shuttle craft cut through the bleakness of space like a bird of prey skimming the vast desert plains, the only life that showed itself, a beacon for anything that lurked, watched, and waited. The passengers waited in the ship, some frustrated, some nervous, some expectant, but all eager to reach their destination.

¡°Here we are, on our way to the alien utopia.¡± Manager Stevens, the initiator and head of the Alien Utopia Colonization Project, leaned back in his seat, put his hands through his hair at the nape of his neck, and sighed, pleased that the dream he had worked so hard to achieve was coming true.

¡°You're still steeped in that pioneer ideal of cowboys and Indians, the Wild West!¡± A mocking laugh escaped from Ruchechnik, one of the alien utopian SWAT captains in his entourage, who curled up clutching his stomach as if to further demean Stevens' charms. Stevens just shrugged it off, in any other person it would have hurt him, no, enraged him, but he had gotten used to the snarky humor of the former SWAT captain from Russia years ago. ¡°You're vicious, you know that? Stevens said falsely, his tone laced with the contempt and perfunctoriness he tried so hard to hide. Ruchechnik smiled weakly and reached into a compartment under his seat to pull out two mugs and a slender metal flask. He poured out a generous amount of steaming clear liquid and handed Stevens a glass. The two of them sat quietly, sipping and listening to the other passengers.

Add to that the two big corporations, Archer and Venance, several SWAT team members from the alien Utopia, the pilot and several civilians who were euphemistically referred to as ¡°Utopia's first occupants¡± but who were actually forced to serve as guinea pigs to experiment on Utopia's safety and who Ruchechnik believed were spies sent by the corporations to spy on them. Stevens set his glass down and began to speak, ¡°You know, it's always fascinated me, and I don't know why, but,¡± he paused, raised his glass to his mouth again, and then continued, ¡°I mean, you have to admit it does have a certain allure, a certain ......¡± Stevens glanced at Ruchechnik, who tilted his head slightly sideways and raised an eyebrow, his eyes gleaming. Stevens sighed again and turned his attention to an imaginary place far away between himself and the ceiling, thus missing the sly smile that swept across Ruchechnik's face as he played with him, just as he had done when they were young. This expression was Ruchechnik's standard response to a topic he didn't deem worthy of any consideration or attention at all, and to those who didn't know him, it was as offensive as his barbed tongue. But Stevens had a defiant side, and he was determined to get at least some of his arguments across. ¡°Well, then,¡± he said, his voice a little uncertain as he tried to establish a coherent train of thought.¡± Be the first in a new land to explore, discover and ......¡± 

¡°And plunder, steal, and kill,¡± Ruchechnik interrupted pointedly, leaving a small pause between each word to add to its poignancy.

There were ten of them in all, Stevens, Ruchechnik, Engineer Powell and Blackwell, 
"Yes, okay, so its not all perfect and things would be handled differently in this day and age but just think, with our space travel, there are so many chances to repeat that experience and this is mine, my chance to explore, discover and,"

"and pillage, steal, kill" grins Ruchechnik

"Knock that off "

"Sorry,"

"Yeah, yeah whatever.  But anyway, here we are on our way to oversee the construction of the first mining facility in the whole of the Sado Island asteroid field, collecting the equivalent of gold.  I just feel like a ... err,"

"Pioneer?"

"Yeah.  Yeah.  We're out here setting this thing up.  Then it'll become a fully operational mining community, bleeding edge technology, tens of thousands of people living, working, prospering all because we had this opportunity."  Stevens's voice drifted off and an inexplicable happiness contorted his face and radiated from him. Ruchechnik looked at the liquid sloshing around in his mug and smiled, Stevens wasn't normally like this, so gullible, unsure. Ruchechnik put it down to nerves and stress, Stevens was having some family difficulties and he'd never been this far offworld before, it must be quite an experience for him.  Stevens had drifted off to sleep, Ruchechnik got up and walked to a window, he stood silently for a few minutes, staring at the passing dust clouds and distant stars and listening to the noise of everything around him.

¡°Yes, well, it's not all perfect, and in this day and age, things will be handled differently, but think about it, with our space travel, there's so much opportunity to repeat that experience, and that's what I'm all about, my exploring, discovering, and¡±

¡°Looting, stealing, killing¡± Ruchechnik grinned

¡°Will you shut the fuck up¡±

¡°I'm sorry¡±

¡°Yeah, yeah, whatever. But anyway, we're on our way to oversee the construction of the first mining facility for the entire Sado Island asteroid field, collecting the equivalent of gold. I just feel like a ...... Uh.¡±

¡°A pioneer?¡±

Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then it's going to be a fully functioning mining community, with state-of-the-art technology, where tens of thousands of people live, work, and prosper, all because we had this opportunity.¡±  Stevens' voice faded away as an inexplicable happiness twisted his face and radiated from him. Ruchechnik looked at the liquid sloshing around in his glass and smiled; Stevens wasn't usually like this, so gullible, so unsure of himself. Ruchechnik blamed it on nerves and stress, Stevens' family was in some trouble and he had never been to such a far away foreign world, it must have been quite an experience for him. Stevens had fallen into a deep sleep and Ruchechnik got up and walked over to the window and stood quietly for a few minutes, gazing at the passing dust clouds and the distant stars and listening to the clamor of everything around him.

Powell and Blackwell were discussing possible strategies for continuing the project and the state they wanted it to be in, while Archer was immersed in a seemingly never-ending sea of papers and files from a rather small briefcase. Like being caught in some sort of human brain loop.
 Venance and the ¡°mice¡± had mysteriously disappeared, and Ruchechnik sneered as all sorts of unbelievable conspiracy theories flashed through his mind. He walked over to the table where Powell and Blackwell were sitting around and pulled up a chair and sat down, the two men began to tell him about some of their objections with increasing enthusiasm, Ruchechnik decided to change the subject rather than be drawn into an argument, ¡°Do you two know the history of this place?¡±

¡°Well, yes, I know that the original building was somewhat ...... complicated.¡± Powell began,

¡°Fuck it off!¡± Ruchechnik laughed again, and Blackwell grinned and shared the joke. Blackwell straightened his glasses and face, then began, ¡°What did they tell you? That it's an absolute disaster, that for this bullshit utopia, our company lost over 400 whole smart, talented brains, wasted tens of hundreds of billions of dollars worth of equipment, and spent years of hard work, for what? A company skimping on its human rights policy, something that was abhorrent 100 years ago and is now totally unacceptable!¡±  Blackwell's voice was confident to the point of almost sounding arrogant, and perhaps, Ruchechnik mused, she was just taking that tone with Powell, whom it was clear she didn't like. As Powell began to try to defend himself to keep this rambling argumentative match going, Ruchechnik wandered off again.

Stevens woke up and beckoned Ruchechnik to sit down again, and Ruchechnik sat across from him. Stevens rolled his eyes at Powell and Blackwell, then turned back to him and said in a raspy voice, ¡°What do you think of all the history and stories?¡±

Ruchechnik cupped his chin with his left hand and stroked his stubble, ¡°I'm not sure, I know what happened officially, and I've heard all the unofficial tales, riots, suicides, disappearances, but,¡± his attention shifted to Venance, who had just stepped out of the cockpit. Venance started to walk towards Archer, but stopped when he saw how flustered Archer looked, he frowned at Blackwell and then walked towards Stevens and Ruchechnik. He found a seat and sat down, turning to Stevens, ¡°What the fuck are they fucking bickering about?¡±

Anyway the Japanese corporation claimed the field and named it the Sado Island asteroid belt, after a real 'lost' Japanese island that appears in Japanese mythology and folklore, if I'm not mistaken.  The reasoning isn't important," he paused, reached into the storage compartment under his own seat and retrieved a large bottle of water, he poured himself some then offered the bottle to Winans.  Stevens continued "so the Japanese sent out several teams to set-up a facility out here but all failed, there are talks of technical difficulties, of the asteroids in the field being exceptionally tough and volatile, of mercenaries, space pirates, you name it.  Eventually the Japanese gave up for undisclosed reasons and offered the area up for international use, so long as a suitable percentage made its way to their wallets.

Ruchechnik took a deep breath, ¡°I think you should really do some more research before becoming a potential investor.¡± He sighed, then nodded toward Stevens as if asking him to take over. Stevens wiped his brow with the cuff of his shirt, then began, ¡°The area of space we're going to was originally considered a blank slate, useless, no planets, no stars, no resources, nothing. It was shelved for over 50 years until a small Japanese starship encountered some unforeseen objects while traveling straight through the region. A huge, dense asteroid field was discovered, and it was not clear how it had been missed before. Conspiracy theories circulated that it may have been discovered years ago, but certain powers decided to hide it or access the resources for their own purposes. Anyway, the Japanese company claimed ownership of the area and named it the Sado Island Asteroid Belt, named after an actual 'lost' Japanese island that appears in Japanese mythology and folklore, if I remember correctly. The reason doesn't matter,¡± he paused, reached into the storage compartment under his seat, took out a large bottle of water, poured some for himself, and handed the bottle to Venance. Stevens continued, ¡°Those Japs sent several teams to set up facilities here, but they all failed, some said there were technical difficulties, some said the asteroids here were unusually hard and unstable, some said mercenaries, space pirates, you name it. Eventually, the Japanese abandoned the program for undisclosed reasons and made the area available to the international community as long as they had the proper percentage of proceeds in their governmental wallets, you know, Dollars converted to their Japanese yen bills that are flooded with people who take it and use it as toilet paper? Wasteful! What a fucking waste!

That's where we come in, pretty much. Our company signed an agreement with the Japanese for exclusive mining rights to the area, with billions of dollars in settlement fees and a promise of a cut of all resources harvested. As a result, five years ago, we sent our first expeditions to map and document the entire region and determine the most effective locations for establishing mining colonies. A few ships disappeared, but on those that returned, the data provided showed densities of chemical and mineral resources far in excess of what was initially envisioned, and plans for mining colonies quickly went from standard plans to the largest and most ambitious off-world colony ever planned. Entire construction companies were bought out to become the fleet that would build it all. Progress was slow at first, with more inexplicable rumors and incidents about technical difficulties, hard and fickle asteroids, mercenaries, and space pirates. 
Then it all started to get hazy.

Something had happened, exactly what was unclear, and there had never been any official investigation into it, nor any external investigation. The prevailing story is that the company had been hiring cheap, illegal labor in order to keep costs down and using inmates from nearby prisons as unpaid laborers. Eventually, due to a lack of security measures, due to allegedly frequent disappearances, and perhaps due to convict labor, no one knows for sure, tensions erupted and riots broke out. 
For all we know, the company's private security forces were brought in, much damage was done, many people died, and the project was officially abandoned. Stevens leaned back in his chair and poured himself some more water. Ruchechnik took over, ¡°However, unofficially, the project was simply put on hold. The site was evacuated, but a cleanup team and a sizable portion of the security forces were left behind to secure the site and prepare to continue once the disturbance subsided. Ruchechnik paused, perhaps for dramatic effect, perhaps to see the look in Venance's eyes, perhaps because he was an idiot, Stevens thought to himself.

Ruchechnik stretched his arms and continued, ¡°Months passed without major incident for several years, and the security forces gradually withdrew until only one cleanup team remained. Now, we are en route to Sado Island to assess the feasibility of restarting the program immediately. Ruchechnik turned to Venance and did not speak, just stared at him expectantly, waiting for Venance to speak. He was silent for a full five minutes, then said, ¡°Well, it's certainly a tragedy that people died, but was I involved? Should I feel guilty or even remorseful for behavior that I had nothing to do with? Like I said, I'm a businessman, and all I'm interested in is the opportunities this project can bring for me, for all of us.¡±
Ruchechnik laughed out loud, ¡°Where the fuck do you get the face to call me evil!¡± He stood up and headed for the farthest window at the back of the cabin, disappearing behind an assortment of crates, boxes, and supplies. Venance also headed towards Archer, leaving Stevens alone, he shrugged, leaned his head tighter and closed his eyes.

A few hours later Stevens woke up with a sharp headache, whatever Ruchechnik had been drinking didn't feel right to him, even after all that water and all that time, there was a strong and unpleasant aftertaste. Steven muttered, ¡°Must be anesthetic, chemicals, he quit drinking years ago without a drop.¡± Steven grinned, then noticed that no one was around. He stood up, cautiously at first for fear of getting unsteady on his feet, and listened as he heard mumbled noises and the shaking of bodies, right at the front of the cabin, next to the cockpit.

As he began to carefully make his way through the web of stacked crates in the direction of the sound, he turned another corner and spotted the rest of the group. They were huddled in the small space between the first row of crates and the main loading door window, and Stevens cleared his throat, drawing attention to him. Ruchechnik stepped out of the huddle and beckoned with his hand, signaling for Stevens to sit in his place. Both puzzled and curious, Stevens stepped forward to see what they were looking at.

What he saw shocked him. He had expected the framework of the mining colony project, all that was left of it after the event, to be massive, as he had been to an off-world structure and been struck by its sheer size. But it paled in comparison to what he was seeing now. Seventeen or so ¡°U¡± shaped structures stretched out in front of them, all of which were connected at the center of the curve by what appeared to be a massive vertebrae, and in fact, now that he thought about it, that was what the structure reminded him of. It was the ribs and vertebrae of some long-dead creature, a creature whose size, presence, and staggering mass was enough to daunt the vastness of space itself.

An almost indescribable feeling came over Stevens, and he guessed that this was what people said when discussing that moment in everyone's life when they realized that they were completely insignificant compared to the universe around them. Only Stevens experienced the intensity of the sensation, which made his knees weak, made his stomach retch, and sent the stench and sting of acidic bile through the back of his mouth, amazed, speechless, terrified, and in pain. He struggled to conceive in his mind what the colony would look like when it was built, he struggled to find a word to summarize the scale of what he imagined, which was much bigger than a colony.

The next hour or so was like a can't escape nightmare, in which time is tangible, you can taste it, sometimes touch it, and always feel it, but your perception of the passage of time disorients you. Stevens' thoughts were spinning back and forth as he imagined how the first people to see the pyramids must have felt, and he wondered if he could really make his dream come true, or if the real new discoveries were far beyond his reach.

¡°What a piece of shit ......¡±

The construction site also overwhelmed Ruchechnik, he had known about the construction site for years and had seen pictures of it before, but he hadn't been prepared for it. He doesn't show how concerned, excited, or disgusted it makes him; he just says, ¡°Nice.¡± At the same time, in the back of his mind, he questioned the stability, fitness, and motives of a race that could build such a behemoth solely for the purely material benefit of accessing ¡°precious¡± natural resources. Needing a distraction, Ruchechnik rose from his seat and walked towards the cockpit, asking how long it would be before he docked with the only remaining vessel of the cleanup team, he wanted to take a shower, shave and get some rest.

Ruchechnik wondered if the sight of the colonial buildings had affected the pilot of this steel behemoth as he asked. ¡°No,¡± the pilot replied, surprising him and leaving him somewhat at a loss for words as he continued, ¡±I've been coming here every few months for resupply since the cleanup project started, you know, it's like anything, you get used to it over time. ¡± Ruchechnik can't imagine getting used to the sight. ¡°I'm going to go around for docking now,¡± the pilot announced after a full ten minutes of silence, ¡±don't you need to contact the ship's crew first?¡± Ruchechnik couldn't help but ask. ¡°I contacted them, but got no response,¡± the pilot said, then quickly continued before Ruchechnik could begin to worry, ¡±but that's okay, all the systems needed for docking are online, it'll be fine. Maybe the crew fell asleep, or there was a problem with the generator, it's happened many times before.

Ruchechnik recalled a conversation with Blackwell a few days ago, in which he had asked what kind of ship had been left alone to clean up three years' worth of debris. She replied, ¡°02883, an industrial variant of the standard Korral-class engineering ship.¡± Ruchechnik didn't recognize the class, ¡°I'm not surprised,¡± Blackwell went on, ¡°it's not a commercial vessel, and it really doesn't mean anything if you're not in the construction business,¡±.

Ruchechnik opened his mouth, and Blackwell beat him to the question.¡± It's generally used for storage, or as extra workspace, or to provide cheap extra housing for workers, or as the situation demands, it's a very flexible design.¡± He gestured for her to continue, glad he hadn't chosen to ask Powell or put up with his monotone voice. ¡°It revolves around a central hub, from which a network of tunnels and rooms is formed, giving the ships essentially circular upper decks. The central area was comfortable with docks, main engine entrances, and the standard amenities for the crew: quarters, kitchens, bathrooms, briefing rooms, and lounge areas. As she said the last three words, she gave the impression that she had spent a considerable amount of time on such ships. She paused, ran her fingers through her hair, and sighed, ¡°Unless, of course, you have to spend time on the lower decks ......¡± The rest of the conversation blurred in Ruchechnik's mind until he thought of the reason he remembered in the first place - the generator. ¡°Generators are very unstable and require frequent shutdowns for cooling, though they have a very good fuel to power output ratio.¡±

The pilot pointed to the ship and said, ¡°We're here.¡± According to Blackwell's description, the ship was not exactly what Ruchechnik had imagined. Its upper decks were almost circular, and the bottom was a series of smaller circular decks and several cylindrical tubes extending vertically downward with a set of solar panels and various satellites. Most striking, however, was the upper portion of the ship, which extended horizontally at equal intervals with six long support beams and hundreds of smaller beams extending from all angles.

The large facilities were suspended from larger beams and secured with a network of large girders, starting at the bottom of each facility and extending all the way to the support beams. Ruchechnik knew how Blackwell had named these precisely suspended, precarious facilities ¡°cages.¡± From the angle from which they now stood, 02883 looked like a massive, space-faring, twelve-legged, cyberpunk-meets-futuristic-technology hybrid steel behemoth centered on an obese, round body. The pilot announced over the intercom system that docking was about to begin, so please take your seats and take safety precautions so you don't lose your insurance ¡°no accident¡± bonus.

The docking procedure went smoothly as two security guards came out of the inner room and opened the inner door as Ruchechnik and the pilot stepped down from the cockpit. The pilot turned and pointed to a window on the side of the shuttle opposite 02883 and said, ¡°Take a good look, it's the last time you'll see them for the next two weeks.¡± He then turned and typed a security code into the keypad, the door buzzed slightly and then slowly opened, the pilot and the security guard stepped out first, leaving the others to stare blankly at the stars.

A few weeks later, a partial voice message was recovered from a distress beacon:

¡°Ship out of control, crew dead, it has been determined that a combatant is still alive ...... Survivors have rejoined the project sponsor ...... Escort VIP out of here at all costs... .¡±, static jamming cuts off the message, ¡®half the ship is locked down¡¯, static jamming again, ¡®can't get us here, but oxygen is limited¡¯, heavy breathing followed by a violent cough, then voices , distant unfamiliar voices, then silence. The message lasted for a few minutes, only the distant sounds of arguing could be heard. Someone was trying to leave, someone was trying to stop them, someone was shot, someone slammed the door, and someone could be heard chanting, but the lyrics were inaudible. There was another long silence, then a cacophony, this time of screams, human screams, then silence. Uncontrollable cries came and went over the layers of static, the sound of metal tearing and heavy breathing. A gunshot rings out. The message ended.

The beacon was handed over to the Cosmic Peacekeepers, who had taken the risk of opening an unsafe and infected exit that was the only one leading to the ship's emergency escape pods; there was no other way out at the moment, the space terrorists had taken control of the exit.

Counter-Terrorists:
You have received the last signal ...... that an infected and unsafe emergency escape hatch has been opened, this is the only way to evacuate the project leader at this time, escort the VIP to the escape hatch, or, fight the terrorists and destroy them all.
Tip:It may be a good idea to drop a Flashbangs before entering the corner, and later to prevent terrorist snipers.

Terrorists:
You have taken control of the ship and are attempting to assassinate Steven, the initiator of the Alien Utopia Colonization Program, in order to destroy the program, prevent VIP from escaping unharmed, and assassinate VIP.
Tip:Soldiering back and forth against Counter-Terrorists and VIP.

Other Notes:
The Cosmic Peacekeepers have taken the desperate step of opening an infected escape pod exit door for VIP.

  